hey everybody we're back with challenges
I lost the suicide King challenge last
time because I am an idiot but this is
cat got your tongue we're gulp stir but
we can only attack via flies and Guppies
hairball don't forget about Guppies
hairball how in the world can we lose
this I'm not even it's a pack yeah we
got it I'm not even trying to be like
overly cocky
I actually am just a little confused
about the conceivable ways that this run
could end in a loss I guess one is early
we fight bosses who are too tough to die
to like six uh flies we got pretty lucky
that that actually worked for us even
though it turned out to be garbage and
then we have to use Guppies hairball to
deal damage and you know life's in a
terrible spot there I suppose
yeah like like right now for example
okay never mind
I completely understand how we can die
now
he got melted we're extremely lucky I
actually thought that might be the end
of our run I've never had like a I've
gone from zero to 60 and 60 to zero in
record time we I was like how can I lose
and then I was like oh wait there's
literally no way for us to win but there
is a way for us to win we just have to
spin around really fast and use Guppies
hair ball to land some shots this is our
moment
oh look at that it works it works okay
so we need to make very good use of our
flies ideally if we could also get any
other orbitals I'd be extremely happy
and this is like a bit of a big ask to
be honest but if we could somehow get
other orbitals I'd be real stoked if we
get sach dagger we win and in my opinion
at least I also said that there's no way
we can lose our last run and then I lost
now I did take arguably maybe like one
of the top 5 worst items to have with my
reflection and ipecac I mean my
reflection is already one of the top
like three worse items to have with a
macaque to begin with and then you know
to add in a little Loki's horn action
might have been a little overkill but
dude it's my favorite men at work songs
so I'm going to try to pay tribute to it
whenever possible let's go all dude
first off I'm getting a cramp in my hand
because this is the most exercise I've
gotten in well honestly years but I'm
also getting into a sick and that's sick
with two seeds and no K's flipping
rhythm here look at this it's like I've
you know walk without rhythm and you
can't attract the worm you know what I
mean black powder is actually like a ten
out of ten get for us so I'm going to
continue to explore here we only have to
go to mom's heart this is like the
easiest game of our lives right now I
actually hate you I don't want you to
drop HP I want you to drop a key you did
not drop a key why do I want a key well
we have twenty-nine cents but we can't
go to the flip and shop what am I
supposed to do with twenty-nine cents
but no shot with which to deposit my my
money into I mean not even deposit
because that implies the donation
machine you know to look good to use
other things that would be sick trying
to think do we get um you know that was
so bad if we use whoa
blackmarket please if we use flies to
kill enemies and we have infestation to
do we get spiders out of our enemies
that have died I'm going to guess that
the answer is yes I know if the spider
kills an enemy you don't get them but
why wouldn't a fly give you the spider
vermin best day I hate dude it's not
fair
thank you I don't see why not I guess oh
we got a real orbital it's I mean I
don't need to tell you that this is
harder than it looks because most of you
out there have probably gotten real
platinum God for yourselves this is a
tricky challenge right here starting
with guppy is obviously like
outrageously good I should probably be
using black powder a little bit more
than I am but I'm also scared but now
that we have orbitals dude I'm not
saying I'm the cop who can't be soft but
I am pretty jazzed about this whole
situation oh mylanta I also wouldn't
mind you know what would actually be
swell right now and I say swell now
because I'm I was born in the 1950s what
would be sweet would be if we could get
a what's the is it toilet paper that
causes your your orbitals not to rotate
anymore that would actually be like a 10
out of 10 way to make this run pop like
a like dr. pimple popper all we need
is that exact trinket and nothing else
nothing no nothing compares to number
two dude have you ever watched those dr.
pimple popper videos I know that
everyone goes like ooh gross and it is
gross because you're watching a doctor
like excites blackheads that have
existed in a person's nose for like 20
years it's gross but I think it also
speaks to there's like there's some
Universal objective truth in dr. pimple
popper videos the reason they're
entertaining is because we're like
hardwired to want to resolve tension so
you see this blackhead and you're like
that blackheads gotta get taken care of
you know that sebaceous cyst has got to
be removed and then it gets removed and
you go ooh but you leave the video
knowing that the world is a better place
because of the fact that that cyst no
longer exists that was really lucky
we're taking so much damage here to be
fair fighting a lot of enemies who
explode makes it very difficult for me
to sneak in there I'd rather take damage
at this point I can't believe we got out
of it but I'd rather take damage at this
point then then use my bomb the bomb
could be 10 times more precious I really
think that you know in in fiction
there's like 12 different or four by 12
I mean four apparently different styles
of conflict man versus man man versus
some self man versus nature I always
forget the other one man versus the
unknown or something man versus game of
course I shouldn't spend so much money
but I'm gonna because I want that spirit
heart that's like man versus nature
right there
because we've all been in that situation
you know the problems tomorrow and I got
a zit and then to watch dr. pimple
popper excites that evil from a person's
body it's just a lovely experience I
would recommend it I don't I don't spend
my nights watching popping videos but I
understand their their intrinsic value
to society so I'm being real dicey here
memories being real dicey for two
reasons one is I want the blood bag and
I want it like a lot because the speed
allows us to use black powder more
efficiently 1.3 speed is not quite black
powder level like happy to be using it I
guess is what I'm trying to suggest it's
doable we can make some tiny circles
with black powder but you know we're not
nobody's getting rich off black powder
here is what I'm trying to suggest Oh
dude be careful the other reason is
because the money is still useful for us
when we go to the shop oh we've done it
we very very mildly done it I think when
Guppies hair ball hits enemies it
generates flies you know I'd let have
loved going through the game again
because I'm learning new stuff like that
all the time I had no idea that Guppies
hair ball had any chance to generate
flies please just die I mean like oh you
why why would you do me like that
haven't you heard the Tom Petty song the
Tom Petty song goes don't do me like
that
you've done me like that pheromones it
might surprise you but I'm still not
that perturbed by this situation maybe I
should be definitely it should be but
like I'm I'm not that scared dude for
reasons that should become abundantly
clear you're about to pay out right
all right maybe stay on 3hp for now
you've learned your lesson to some
extent probably lucky to be alive but
challenges kind of absolve you of
mistakes in some way because like of
course you're going to take damage we're
using a Guppies hairball to hit like
every enemy on the map now what we
probably actually want to do instead and
we were so excited to get orbitals why
did I ever stray from this but what we
should probably do is just use all of
bandages to do like some hit and runs
here we do have old bandage as well
which I didn't comment on but it's
actually a really good pick up for us as
a result of its ability come on as a
result of its ability to keep us in the
game after we take some silly damage
which happens fairly regularly my lord I
mean we do want to check it and we don't
want to check it it's a constant you
know duality of our existence here oh
dude
only when you start doing this run do
you realize how many enemies in this
game want to explode and ruin your life
[Music]
we got to be very carefully again I know
this is probably like the ideal room to
use bombs on I'm choosing to avoid doing
that because our bombs could be precious
later is that a misallocation of
resources I don't know as the freaking
Treasury Department I have no idea I'm
just I'm just the on-air personality
here okay that was really really good
now I haven't touched on it much because
I've been looking for more cutesy or
glamour is kind of like finishes here
but being one of the best things that we
could actually get is just more damage
which is I'm very excited to be using
this is a terrible fight from the
perspective of not wanting to take any
damage they'll just leave it at that
thank you old old bandage you've done it
he's done it it was so worth taking
damage just to finish that off and we've
done it we got some HP we gotta go to
our shop here but yeah more damage is
just really good for me because it means
our flies have the chance to kill
enemies before they kill us before the
enemies kill us not our own flies that
would be betrayal of the highest order
let's go now again our bombs are pretty
precious so for me to use two of them I
got very lucky I got very lucky that
they were they pay dividends I guess is
what I'm trying to say and I'm also
going to continue to be a little bit of
an idiot we did get a speed upgrade by a
magic mush but like why not go a little
bit deeper here already missed use one
of these hearts but go down a one not
even one and a half just go down to one
then we played these guys like ugh am I
trying to say here a blood bag would
still be really nice IV bag not so much
[Music]
I guess the other thing that we can do
is try to stand okay try to stand in
front of enemies and let Guppies
hairball tear them up and try to use
that to generate more uh more flies I
don't know either way we only came down
here as we wanted to go to the shop and
mission accomplished the shop does not
have greed as the two of hearts which
could save our run moving box which I
think is basically garbage for us in
this unique situation and we'll use a
bomb to get into our secret room which
is going to contain possibly some
trinkets spirit hearts etc etc depending
on how we play our cards right do it
honestly do it's the trick if we ask for
it no way yeah it is
I got it wrong it's not roll of toilet
paper it's duct tape but still I thought
that said get dusted it said go outside
so we have actually a fairly easy wind
right now and it comes down to the
simplest thing you could possibly
imagine
not The Sun Also good but we basically
are just going to use the emperor card
and this is looking like it could be a
to challenge video the rare to challenge
gets walk right into that the rare to
challenge video so what's the game plan
it's actually so simple even a child
could understand it which is good
because I'm going to have to explain it
we're going to beat this floor ideally
and then we are going to use the emperor
card and we are going to basically walk
into mom's heart on mom until she dies
and then we have won the run so that's
the idea at least potentials I'm
pitching this like it's a Kickstarter or
something but puts potential concerns
well we don't have a ton of HP so if
things start to go wrong they can go
wrong pretty quickly
I remain not fully convinced about
duct-tapes
despite asking for it specifically by
the wrong name I think it is easier to
hit enemies with duct tape but it also
requires an adjustment to previous
strategy but I think the cat got your
tongue challenge is going to go down
here and this is one of the harder ones
so I'm I wouldn't say overjoyed with my
performance but I'm feeling fairly good
ok just let the Flies take these guys
out we want to be at full HP by the time
we leave this floor so just I mean
that'll basically do it I will use a
bomb here I will use a bomb here please
would okay that's really good we're
going to almost certainly oh my god be
completely fine war fight just dust him
we got WAY longer invincibility than I
would have expected now this is black
powders time to show what he did like
evasive maneuvers I've never seen that
he stood still it was the greatest bait
the world has ever pulled so we got a
second level bandage girl she will
actually shoot but it's mostly
irrelevant because I know what I'm doing
on this run at this point we're just
getting the heck out of here and it's
going to be one more thing on lock is it
a guppy item you get a guppy item for
cat got your tongue
look at that the damage is real
well the foots coming down yeah yeah we
did it
okay now love jeopardize it by possibly
doing boss rush grab this check it out
boss rush when we got nothing Val value
nothing the value sorry you say that's
the end of the cat got your tongue
challenge Oh algae's quality ruined all
right so that was easy
Demoman so that's what dr. fetus remote
detonator seems easy enough if the
challenges are really fun not all of
them are ten out of ten but now that I'm
like mainlining them it's good to
remember most of these challenges were
worth doing at least one some of them
like what's like computer whiz or
whatever tech savvy is that what it's
called it's like a little too easy but
still apologies mostly they're just like
a challenge run is basically like a cool
eden scene for most of these like
starting with dr. fetus and remote
detonators that's essentially being Eden
and getting some cool combos here so I
wouldn't say I'm the happiest camper you
know I'm just because I feel like we're
not guaranteed to win here but no we're
in a good spot proms are key mostly
irrelevant actually like beyond
irrelevant cuz we don't need any bombs
we also probably don't eat any keys
because of the fact that there's no
shops or sighs there's nothing but shops
so in all likelihood you know we might
end up using three or four keys for
shops and then the rest are just like
golden chests if they exist we need the
money though why not
we need the money stiva
poverty they say is the song that you
sing when you're trying to evoke images
of the 1920s that end camptown races
sing this song that I was so happy when
people tweeted me and they were like
there are comment
on camptown races on YouTube that are
like oh I was born in the wrong era they
don't make music like this anymore you
go back to like Gregorian chants I'm
sure
not that there's recordings of like real
era specific Gregorian chants we get the
idea you get the idea okay double key
rooms Stephen it's like a high-quality
item room thank you very much for your
service there I don't think I like let's
perform the live there's going to be a
pop quiz hotshot Dennis Hopper in speed
style okay what are the ideal items for
us right now
that are specific to this challenge the
answer is every single bombs energy I
would love to come across every bomb
synergy that's ever existed
now hilariously the one I don't want is
the one that's here that's bogo bombs
it's actually not bad because it would
allow us to get some use out of remote
detonator it's just not necessary in the
least and and probably not worth paying
for the odds of us wanting to put our
own bombs down on the ground or pretty
low let's see if there's any deal with
the devil synergies that work here
you've got to go dark deuce is the rule
I don't make the rules that's a lie I'm
basically the person in charge of making
the rules because I record these alone
in my office away from the cold
realities of planet Earth so I can
pretty much come up with ever whatever
arbitrary rules said I'd like to the
virus I hate it stop is can someone
insert hand clamp emojis in between
every words that I'm saying here I want
the correct kind of emphasis stop giving
good items speed down graves say it
louder for the people in the back that's
right I'm on Twitter I understand the
way that people say messages on Twitter
you say once more for the people in the
back you use the Handclap emojis
we have like four rooms so there you go
Yara this is like probably one of the
first 10 rooms I've gotten on this
savefile that's exciting news until they
have 15 cents I'm not going to feel much
of a compulsion honestly to to slow down
like milk every little bit of the value
we can get out of this go to the shop
etc etc I apologize it shouldn't seem
like I'm just trying to steamroll these
rhymes the fact of the matter is most of
these runs start a little stronger than
average albeit a little weirder as well
but they also don't go as far as the
average run so if it seems like they're
going quickly I don't necessarily
disagree that sort of trying to fit in
to per episode whenever plausible all
right we're I'm flooded caves through
this one goes to Mom's heart so it's a
one of the slightly longer ones and it's
looking good the fact that we can come
back with with dark Judas is a big
benefit for us we have a haggle eyes
room which is actually like straight-up
garbage when we have unlimited bombs
there's not much purpose for a haggle
Aza room but it does give me the
opportunity to bring back a meme that's
been dead for like 10 years
good news Huggle of rooms still old not
hope one day I'm going to wake up and
just be able to sing hasn't happened yet
every once in a while I get one note and
that's a that's a miracle in and of
itself cool I like these odds look at
that I don't actually know what dear
science the fourth album from New York
city-based collective TV on the radio
does for us and the whole scheme of
things but I'm going to take it
wait with bombs I should say I don't
know what it does HP nope I think it's
like a myth of chessboxing that blowing
up blood banks is more likely to give
you HP than blowing up like a slot
machine for example but I hold out hope
anyway
it is in keeping with the theme of the
item now can we find a shop I've been
ignoring shops like this whole time just
like I've been ignoring schnapps for my
whole life it's just on there it is
right there
we just don't consume that much schnapps
in North America it's a very European
drink we're more of a jenkem crowd up
here now just keep moving right up and
on the internet for a while I know what
Gingka
can't get won by me so the real value of
the virus is something I haven't even
touched on like at all yet and that's
the ability to get demon hearts out of
it but I'd rather just never take damage
if possible obviously that's a little
bit of wishful thinking but I don't
trust the virus to pay out as much as
we're liable to take damage dude I
actually lost my mind there yet I've
messed up the gurdy dodges I fought
dirty probably like closing in on 1,500
times and take any damage against Gerty
makes me a very sad man makes me
question what I've done with my life but
then you know as soon as you go to the
next floor those questions will be
washed away and I'll move along here so
we're roughly at this point halfway
through this run this is that there's
only some challenges I remember this
distant from having done them the first
time this is not one of them I'll just
level with you and it's because it's
very much on the easier side so now that
we got the yarrow room we can well I was
pretty bad we could remember some Gareth
straps
what are good Yarra stress it's a great
question you see what I'm trying to do
with the virus here I would never
recommend this in a million years
unless you're as stupid as I am
you're a stretch I mean usually you wait
to use the air until the chest which we
are not going to old that was my bet
which we're not going to achieve on this
run the bid just will not exist for us
that's a bummer because I thought I was
a genius for what I was doing there
turns out I'm actually a fool you just
fart right off mr. doing it's a double
tinted rock let's go okay in another
universe that gave me like four demon
hearts what I did with that temperance
card but you know what that universe
also never got a second season of
Arrested Development so let's just be
happy in the universe that we live in
it's surprisingly uncool of some of them
to bombs I don't at this point what do I
care about bombs we don't have we don't
need two bombs because we have unlimited
bombs bombs burgers great show never
seen a full episode lock upgrade another
tinted another spirit heart that's not
going to be a secret room I'll probably
just pay to like I'll pay my HP to go to
the room relatively unconcerned about
the cost of living there especially
because we have dark dude it's just like
waiting in the wings that time I cared
because it's for bombs I'm not sure if
you know this but for bombs is twice as
many as two bombs and as a result I
think it was a very shrewd move for us
that time to pick up those plus it has
absolutely nothing to do with the fact
that those were on the way to the exit I
assure you that's a that is a slanderous
lie my laziness knows no bounds
get thousand and then you find me the
secret room and then you find me the
secret room and then you don't find me
the secret room
we got a demon heart out of a skull I
don't know why I kind of backed myself
into a corner there because I was like
we got a demon art out of a skull and
then in my head I was like yeah that's
what they can drop so like it's not
really that big of a deal is it not not
that unusual anyway the guys great rune
Joker to a hearts and basically the
irrelevant but ghost baby you want a
mediocre item here is ghost babe you can
get it from the deal with devil if you
don't fight him if I end in this case is
a Krampus it is ghost babe negligible
damage gives no advantage ghost baby
will who probably bottom third of items
ghost baby okay the DuckTales thing is
just not working we're forcing it it's
bad it's a bad look but you got to give
me a second to like have enjoyment on
this run because it's going to be over
before we know it it's like Adam Duritz
of the Counting Crows set originally
don't it always seem to go you don't
know what you got the looks on they
paved paradise put up a parking lot
but I got to be honest with you I
understand that the song is called by it
might be called no parking lot or
something like that but the song says we
paved paradise and put up a parking lot
have you ever tried to drive in a
downtown city core sometimes paradise
is a parking lot if you don't want a
parallel park you know on the
intersection of les 4th and Broadway in
the middle of rush hour sometimes the
parking lot could be paradise I'm not
saying we should be paving over you know
farmers and farmers who are putting away
that DDT and not caring about spots on
their apples leave me the birds and the
bees please I'm just saying the
sentiment of the song rings true except
for the fact that I think they should
just add an addendum like don't it
always seem to go you don't know what
you got till it's gone we pay paradise
and put up a parking lot but there's no
reason to come here because the parking
lot can be good in busy places it even
sounds better that way and I will accept
no dissent I also like I don't mean to
be rude because you can play this game
all day and what I mean by that is like
you know people will be like all the
vegetarians I don't want to harm animals
Oh
have you ever worn a piece of clothing
that has leather in it have you ever
used those on mower did you not
accidentally kill many birds or well not
birds but bugs with your lawn mower
without even knowing so you could be
like yeah well Adam Duritz and you know
Vanessa Carlton or Michelle Branch I
don't remember I know Joni Mitchell did
it originally for Joni Mitchell's like
actual hippy so I'm going to cut her
some slack but like I want to if Adam
Duritz is going to get all the credit
for saying everyone goes oh he's so
right why are we paving paradise putting
up a parking lot I want to see this dude
like what do you drive if you drive a
Ford f-150 we got to talk Adam because I
don't think you should legally be
allowed to sing that song anymore I'm a
big fan of Mother Nature also I fly 90
times a year and this is not me doing
some what about ISM because you know I
fly a lot but I'm also not taking your
money for a song called we paid paradise
and put up a parking lot I want to
compare carbon footprints with Adam
Duritz because I think he might be a
charlatan that's all I'm suggesting okay
I'm not trying to be rude to the man I'm
just suggesting that his art is a lie
and he shouldn't be allowed to sing the
song anymore unless he has a lower
carbon footprint than me that's the way
I measure the size of my genitals carbon
footprint more like carbon wait a minute
dad thought I was being a genius there
read mom is going to be a dang old
nightmare to fight here
how do we do this it's not that bad
actually
please come closer
it actually is exactly that bad a single
orbital would cause this to be so much
easier at this point this is what we've
been saving our bombs for our garbanzos
oh that would have been good
almost Goddard it wasn't worth taking
damage there a damage was accidental
though
come on there we go well I hated just
about every second of that fight let's
compromise our run potentially by
needlessly taking some items that add
very little to our overall chances here
I'm not going to fight boss rush because
I mean come on
Deborah's going to move along you know
what this is our final floor so we're
actually in a great spot there was no
need truly to take our deal with the
devil on the lessor to take the deal
with the devil items rather on the last
floor obviously you want to check the
deal like like the same way you check
the rhyme tip if you're on point that's
right back in the days in the boulevard
of Linden we used to kick routines and
their presence was hidden it was I the
FIFO and me the abstract the rhymes were
so potent that I think he says the
brothers rode the Zack I don't know what
that is usually you look it up on rap
genius and then they go well q-tip grew
up in the boulevard of Linden and that a
train in the neighborhood is called a
Zack and like that means that they went
home well let's see you know so let's
check the rhyme genius okay check the
rhyme I know we used to kick routines in
the presence was Fidan I know we kicked
the man Styles too so step off the
Frankfurter yeah the rhymes were so
roughing that the brothers rode the Zack
there's no genius annotation for that
one or I can't see it because I have
flash disabled oh here we go
the tribe's rhymes were so fantastic
that everyone on the block was on their
jock Bozak is hood hood slang for ball
sack the rhymes were so roughing that
the brothers rode the Zack dude I never
would have expected that when they say
the rhymes are so rump in the brothers
Road the Zack what they're actually
saying is the rhymes are so rump in the
brothers Road their ball sacks that's
out of control honestly I thought this
was a pg-13 rated Tribe Called Quest
stream here and all of a sudden
talking about riding ballsacks I'm not
sure the advertisers are friendly
anymore so one of my favorite recurring
segments and Isak episodes is
northernlion looks up lyrics to rap
songs on rap genius and finally
discovers what they actually mean I
think it's a valuable part of my growth
as a human being to learn what I've been
you know rapping in the privacy of my
own car
I don't rap in the privacy of my own
home because my wife would hear me and
laugh at me
instead I wait til I buy groceries by
myself and then I know this is a what
Luchini poem for this before as I call
it the give Lynda special okay we got
our secret room here we're kind of I
mean weird killing time to be honest
with you because we're going to win we
got two bosses to fight if we die we
come back as dark Judas I think I think
that was this run so I just by the way
don't hate me
I just realized that with dr. penis you
actually can press the spacebar to blow
up the bombs whenever you want it's a
great time to figure that out that would
have made the fight against regular mom
so much easier regular mom also my
favorite show on the Hallmark Network
so yeah we we could have done a lot
better on this run but we even we'd 17
minutes we do this 114 minutes do cat
got your tongue like pretty good runs
Here I am NOT going to fight hush
they're not even give us the option but
dude productive episode we got a chaos
card for that also a valuable unlock for
now thanks for watching it because enjoy
the episode again click the like button
and upset a grade-two and of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time